Fix grammar issues (#992)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_preparing-block-storage-service-by-using-agnostic-config-file.adoc

= Preparing the {block_storage} by using an agnostic configuration file

> The quick and dirty process is a more straightforward approach:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following process is a more straightforward approach:
```

.Procedure
. Create an agnostic configuration file removing any specifics from the old

> deployment's `cinder.conf` file, like the `connection` in the `[database]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployment's `cinder.conf` file, such as the `connection` in the `[database]`
```

section, the `transport_url` and `log_dir` in `[DEFAULT]`, the whole

> `[coordination]` and `[barbican]` sections, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[coordination]` and `[barbican]` sections, and so on.
```
